[MI-3334] Added the logic of batching in the requests (#5)
Brightscout/msteams-load-test-scripts: docs/config.md

### Rate: *int*
Number of iterations to start during each time unit period.

### BatchSize: *int*
The size of batch used to send requests to MS Graph.

## How to configure posts per second

> We are sending requests to create posts in MS Teams in batches and the requests in batches are run parallely. Both the request rate and the batch size is configurable. So, we can configure post creation rate according to our needs. For eg - suppose we want 5 posts per second, we can configure the "Rate" as 1 and the "BatchSize" as 5 OR the "Rate" as 5 and the "BatchSize" as 1. We can configure the post creation rate as explained in the above example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are sending requests to create posts in MS Teams in batches and the requests in batches are run parallelly. Both the request rate and the batch size are configurable. So, we can configure the post creation rate according to our needs. For eg - suppose we want 5 posts per second, we can configure the "Rate" as 1 and the "BatchSize" as 5 OR the "Rate" as 5 and the "BatchSize" as 1.
```
